# GTG 2009 Summer of Code's wiki page

*Add Geolocalized tasks (geoclue, libchamplain) in Getting Things Gnome
for GNOME*  
This page contains information on the ongoing work for the [GTG Summer
of Code project for GNOME](http://socghop.appspot.com/student_project/show/google/gsoc2009/gnome/t124022404031).

## Contacts

E-mail: <paulo.cabido@gmail.com>  
IRC: pcabido @ irc.gimp.net & irc.freenode.net  
GTalk: <paulo.cabido@gmail.com>   
  

## Abstract

Know a days mobility is very important and it's part of our lives as
well as being organized and knowing what our agenda is.  
One is always forgetting to do something or not prioritizing the tasks
that have to be done. Getting Things Gnome geolocalized tasks will let
people organize or view the tasks that are specific to their current
location in order to be more focused on what needs or what can to be
done there.

## SoC Information

- [The Idea](2009_idea): The idea!
- [Informative links](2009_links): List of informative links that
  are related with this project.
- [Mockups](2009_mockups): Prototype for the new features, UI, etc.
- [What I have learned](2009_whatihavelearned): All the things I
  have learned in SoC so far (midterm).

### The plugin engine

- The plugin engine: behind the scenes - soon...
- [How to make a plugin](2009_plugin_howto): Learn about the plugin
  engine, how to make a plugin or check the plugin API here.

### The plugin

- [Geolocalized-tasks](2009_geolocalized_tasks): See how to install, test and use the plugin.

### python-geoclue

- [python-geoclue](2009_python_geoclue): A python module to facilitate the use of Geoclue.
